Add shared cache mount (#3296)
earthly/earthly: docs/earthfile/earthfile.md

The `<mount-spec>` is defined as a series of comma-separated list of key-values. The following keys are allowed

| Key       | Description                                                                                                                                                         | Example |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------| --- |
| `type`    | The type of the mount. Currently only `cache`, `tmpfs`, and `secret` are allowed.                                                                                   | `type=cache` |
| `target`  | The target path for the mount.                                                                                                                                      | `target=/var/lib/data` |
| `mode`, `chmod`   | The permission of the mounted file, in octal format (the same format the chmod unix command line expects).                                                          | `chmod=0400` |

> | `id`      | <ul><li>The cache ID for unsafe/cross-earthfiles caches, when `type=cache`</li><li>The secret ID for the contents of the `target` file, when`type=secret`</li></ul> | `id=my-password` |

Reviewer: does gitbook support this? (I have no idea.... I couldn't find any existing examples of us doing this anywhere when I ran `grep -RI \<li docs/`)

Author: apparently it doesn't

> | `id`      | <ul><li>The cache ID for unsafe/cross-earthfiles caches, when `type=cache`</li><li>The secret ID for the contents of the `target` file, when`type=secret`</li></ul> | `id=my-password` |

Reviewer 2: I don't think this is unsafe necessarily. I wouldn't label it like that. (I renamed this PR and the original issue accordingly)

```suggestion
| `id`      | <ul><li>The cache ID for a shared cache mount to be used across other targets or Earthfiles, when `type=cache`.</li><li>The secret ID for the contents of the `target` file, when `type=secret`</li></ul> | `id=my-shared-cache`, `id=my-password` |
```

The permission of the mounted folder, in octal format (the same format the chmod unix command line expects). 
Default `--chmod 0644`

##### `--id <cache-id>`

> The cache ID for unsafe/cross-earthfiles caches.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cache ID for a shared cache volume to be used across other targets or Earthfiles.
```
